update Teleport overview and tile (#18135)
DataDog/integrations-core: teleport/README.md

## Overview

This integration monitors the health and performance of [Teleport][1] through the Datadog Agent. Enable this integration to:

> - Quickly understand the operational status of your Teleport cluster including the Auth, Proxy, SSH, database, and Kubernetes services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Quickly understand the operational status of your Teleport cluster, including the Auth, Proxy, SSH, database, and Kubernetes services.
```

> - Query and audit user sessions connecting to Kubernetes and database services to identify rogue or compromised users in an organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Query and audit user sessions that connect to Kubernetes and database services to identify rogue or compromised users in your organization.
```
